Mr. Chen, you want to buy me off with money?
Let me say you donated the bone marrow
But the healer is kind
I can't speak out of conscience for money
How dare you use such a despicable means
Infinite distance
So despicable and shameless
It's your tradition, enough is enough
As soon as you come back, this family will be restless
From now on, I am no longer a member of the Jiang family
I am the brother of your adopted mother
Would you rather trust an outsider?
I don't believe my own brother
Xiaoli grew up with us
He is our brother
And you're still an outsider
That's right, your surname is Chen Huachan
No surname Jiang, we are not family in the first place
It's in your heart
They never treated me as a family
It was an eye-opener for me today.
It's you who have the wrong mind
misconduct
He also tried in vain to replace the credit of his aunt
When will you grow up?
Don't be such a jerk
It is also a scourge for people like you to stay in Jiangjiang
Come on, bounce the signature and get out
I'll tell you what.
Even if you bribed Dr. Zhao to frame me
Dad should be awake during the surgery
When Dad comes, he will definitely expose your lies